#summary This page explains the installation procedure.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

Due to the new JessyInk extensions for Inkscape, installation is now very straight forward.

=== 1) Installing the JessyInk extensions ===

The JessyInk extensions depend on the "inkex" script provided by Inkscape. Therefore, the easiest way to install them is to simply copy all the files found in the folder named "inkscapeExtensions" of the distribution to the directory containing the "inkex.py" file. Depending on your operating system, this file is usually located in one of the following directories:

  * on Windows (English localisation): "C:\Program Files\Inkscape\share\extensions"
  * on Linux: "/usr/share/inkscape/entensions"
  * on OS X: "/Applications/Inkscape.app/Contents/Resources/extensions"

Having copied the files to the correct location, Inkscape will automatically display the submenu "JessyInk" in the "effects" menu. The submenu will contain entries for all the different JessyInk extensions.

Should you want to install the JessyInk extensions in a different location or should you experience problems running the extensions, please verify that one of the paths given at beginning of the Python script of each JessyInk extension points to the directory where the "inkex.py" script is located.

=== 2) Installing the JessyInk script ===

After the JessyInk extension has been installed, a new sub-menu titled "JessyInk" is available in the effects menu. Selecting "install/update" in this menu opens an effect window. Pressing "apply" in this window, installs (or updates) the JessyInk script. Unless you inspect the document in the XML editor, you won't notice any change.

=== 3) Enjoy! ===